feat: Update browser agent CSP guidelines (#15320)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/getting-started/compatibility-requirements-browser-monitoring.mdx

Browser monitoring includes [strict security measures](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/performance-quality/security-new-relic-browser) to provide a robust, standalone product with browser monitoring features. Before you [install the browser agent](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/getting-started/adding-apps-new-relic-browser), make sure your system meets these requirements.

## Basic requirements [#requirements]

> To report data to browser, your application must meet at a minimum two basic requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report data to New Relic, your application must meet two basic requirements:
```

> 1. The traffic to the application must be from clients able to load and execute browser JavaScript code and set cookies.

Author: Forgot to take this part about cookies out since we no longer use cookies.
```suggestion
1. The traffic to the application must be from clients able to load and execute browser JavaScript code.
```

2. Clients accessing the application must be able to send data to New Relic through HTTP requests. HTTPS is required for the more advanced browser monitoring features.

<Callout variant="important">

>   Browsers that subscribe to a disconnect list or that use content filtering extensions such as AdBlock may report data to New Relic. For example, if you are using the [Enhanced Tracking Prevention disconnect list](https://disconnect.me/trackerprotection/blocked) for [Mozilla Firefox 69.0 or higher](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/69.0/releasenotes/), you will need to change the default configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
  Browsers that subscribe to a disconnect list or that use content filtering extensions such as AdBlock may not be able to report data to New Relic. For example, if you are using the [Enhanced Tracking Prevention disconnect list](https://disconnect.me/trackerprotection/blocked) for [Mozilla Firefox 69.0 or higher](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/69.0/releasenotes/), you will need to change the default configuration.
```

Author: @ally-sassman can you look at this one please?

Instrumentation and specific features may be compatible with other browsers or versions.

> The user interface is compatible with [supported browser versions](/docs/data-analysis/user-interface-functions/view-your-data/supported-browsers-new-relics-ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think we can remove this. It's redundant with the list above.

Author: I agree.

  If your website does not allow any third-party hosted JavaScript to run, you must request a CSP exception via your organization’s standard procedures in order to install the browser monitoring agent.
</Callout>

> When requesting a CSP exception, follow your organization's standard procedures to contact your web or security team. The CSP exceptions for your use case depend the browser agent version you're currently running. We always recommend updating to the latest possible version of the browser agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When requesting a CSP exception, follow your organization's standard procedures to contact your web or security team. The CSP exceptions for your use case depend on the browser agent version you're currently running. We always recommend updating to the latest version of the browser agent.
```

> You can add all of these exceptions to the fallback `default-src` directive (instead of `script-src` and `connect-src`). The browser JavaScript agent requires the following CSP exceptions: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add all of these exceptions to the fallback `default-src` directive (instead of `script-src` and `connect-src`). The browser agent requires the following CSP exceptions: 
```

      </td>

      <td>
        Supports adding nonce via `browser_timing_header` API. See the [agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/features/new-relic-browser-ruby-agent/).
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Proxy Support

<Callout variant="important">
  This feature is currently available for those using the copy/paste or NPM browser installation methods. There is currently no UI or NerdGraph configuration options available. We're continuing to work on improving access to these and other configuration options.
</Callout>

Starting with version [1.240.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.240.0/), the browser agent can be configured to proxy network requests through another domain and path combination that you control. Depending on your proxy configuration and CSP settings, you may not need to request exceptions for adding New Relic domains to `script-src` and `connect-src`. Check out our [proxy docs](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/configuration/proxy-agent-requests/) for more information including a guide on configuring the agent.

## Sub-Resource Integrity (SRI) [#sri]

> The browser agent utilizes code splitting to make the inline snippet of code as small as possible. The additional code necessary for the agent to function is loaded at runtime from our content delivery network (CDN). As an added layer of security, beginning with version [1.247.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.247.0/), the browser agent snippet contains hashes of all additional code chunks that could be loaded during runtime. These hashes are used by the browser to verify the code loaded from the CDN hasn't be unintentionally modified, either on the CDN, or while in transit via a man-in-the-middle attack.
> 
> <Callout variant="important">
>   Sub-Resource Integrity hashes don't apply to usage of the browser agent npm package. With the npm package, the agent becomes a part of your site or app code making our generated hashes invalid.
> </Callout>
> 
> For more information on how SRI security works, visit [this](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) MDN article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser agent utilizes code splitting to make the inline snippet of code as small as possible. The additional code necessary for the agent to function is loaded at runtime from our content delivery network (CDN). As an added layer of security, beginning with version [1.247.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.247.0/), the browser agent snippet contains hashes of all additional code chunks that could be loaded during runtime. These hashes are used by the browser to verify the code loaded from the CDN hasn't been unintentionally modified, either on the CDN or while in transit via a man-in-the-middle attack.

<Callout variant="important">
  SRI hashes don't apply to usage of the browser agent npm package. With the npm package, the agent becomes a part of your site or app code making our generated hashes invalid.
</Callout>

For more information on how SRI security works, visit [this](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) MDN article.
```

> For more information on how SRI security works, visit [this MDN article](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how SRI security works, [see this MDN article](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity).
```

        * FedRAMP-compliant accounts:
            * `https://gov-bam.nr-data.net`

        * Add to the `connect-src` directive or to the fallback `default-src` directive. The `connect-src` directive affects the URLs that scripts can call (for example, using the XMLHttpRequest interface). If you have CSP restrictions specifically around this directive, then add this URL as an exception.
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> ### Nonce Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Nonce support
```

> Starting with version [1.247.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.247.0/), the browser agent will respect a `nonce` attribute attached to the inline script when loading additional code chunks. If your site or infrastructure is capable of injecting a `nonce` attribute on the inline browser agent script, you will only need to request a CSP exception for `connect-src`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with browser agent [1.247.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.247.0/), the agent will respect a `nonce` attribute attached to the inline script when loading additional code chunks. If your site or infrastructure is capable of injecting a `nonce` attribute on the inline browser agent script, you will only need to request a CSP exception for `connect-src`.
```

<Callout variant="important">

>   Our integrated `nonce` support doesn't apply to usage of the browser agent npm package. With the npm package, the agent becomes a part of your site or app code. Any additional chunks loaded will be done so through your app code and you have complete control over when and if a `nonce` attribute is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Our integrated `nonce` support doesn't apply to the usage of the browser agent npm package. With the npm package, the agent becomes a part of your site or app code. Any additional chunks loaded will be done so through your app code and you have complete control over when and if a `nonce` attribute is used.
```

</Callout>

Some APM agents capable of injecting the browser agent also support adding a `nonce` attribute to the injected script.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>

>         APM Agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        APM agent
```

      </th>

      <th>

>         Minimum Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Minimum version
```

      </th>

      <th>
        Comments
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>

  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Go
      </td>

      <td>
        [2.5.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/go-release-notes/go-agent-25/)
      </td>

      <td>
        Supports getting the injected JavaScript snippet via `Transaction.BrowserTimingHeader` API. You will need to write additional code to modify the script element to add the `nonce` attribute. See the [agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/go-agent/features/add-browser-monitoring-your-go-apps/).
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        Java
      </td>

      <td>
        [7.6.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/java-release-notes/java-agent-760/)
      </td>

      <td>

>         Supports adding nonce via `getBrowserTimingHeader` and `getBrowserTimingFooter` api. See the [agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/instrumentation/instrument-browser-monitoring-java-agent-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Supports adding nonce via the `getBrowserTimingHeader` and `getBrowserTimingFooter` APIs. See the [Java agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/instrumentation/instrument-browser-monitoring-java-agent-api/).
```

      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        .NET
      </td>

      <td>
        [8.39.0.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/net-release-notes/net-agent-83900/)
      </td>

      <td>

>         Supports adding nonce via `GetBrowserTimingHeader` API. See the [agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/other-features/browser-monitoring-net-agent/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Supports adding `nonce` via the `GetBrowserTimingHeader` API. See the [.NET agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/other-features/browser-monitoring-net-agent/).
```

      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Node.js
      </td>

      <td>
        [4.3.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-430/)
      </td>

      <td>

>         Supports adding nonce via `getBrowserTimingHeader` API. See the [agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/extend-your-instrumentation/browser-monitoring-nodejs-agent/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Supports adding `nonce` via the `getBrowserTimingHeader` API. See the [Node.js agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/extend-your-instrumentation/browser-monitoring-nodejs-agent/).
```

      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        Ruby
      </td>

      <td>
        [7.1.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-710/)
      </td>

      <td>

>         Supports adding nonce via `browser_timing_header` API. See the [agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/features/new-relic-browser-ruby-agent/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Supports adding `nonce` via the `browser_timing_header` API. See the [Ruby agent browser monitoring docs](/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/features/new-relic-browser-ruby-agent/).
```

      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> ### Proxy Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Proxy support
```

<Callout variant="important">

>   This feature is currently available for those using the copy/paste or NPM browser installation methods. There is currently no UI or NerdGraph configuration options available. We're continuing to work on improving access to these and other configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This feature is currently available for those using the copy/paste or npm browser installation methods. There are currently no UI or NerdGraph configuration options available. We're continuing to work on improving access to these and other configuration options.
```

</Callout>

> Starting with version [1.240.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.240.0/), the browser agent can be configured to proxy network requests through another domain and path combination that you control. Depending on your proxy configuration and CSP settings, you may not need to request exceptions for adding New Relic domains to `script-src` and `connect-src`. Check out our [proxy docs](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/configuration/proxy-agent-requests/) for more information including a guide on configuring the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with browser agent [1.240.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.240.0/), the agent can be configured to proxy network requests through another domain and path combination that you control. Depending on your proxy configuration and CSP settings, you may not need to request exceptions for adding New Relic domains to `script-src` and `connect-src`. Check out our [proxy docs](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/configuration/proxy-agent-requests/) for more information including a guide on configuring the agent.
```

            * `https://gov-bam.nr-data.net`

        * Add to the `connect-src` directive or to the fallback `default-src` directive. The `connect-src` directive affects the URLs that scripts can call (for example, using the XMLHttpRequest interface). If you have CSP restrictions specifically around this directive, then add this URL as an exception.
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Nonce Support

Starting with version [1.247.0](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.247.0/), the browser agent will respect a `nonce` attribute attached to the inline script when loading additional code chunks. If you site or infrastructure is capable of injecting a `nonce` attribute on the inline browser agent script, you will only need to request a CSP exception for `connect-src`.

<Callout variant="important">
  Our integrated `nonce` support doesn't apply to usage of the browser agent npm package. With the npm package, the agent becomes a part of your site or app code. Any additional chunks loaded will be done so through your app code and you have complete control over when and if a `nonce` attribute is used.
</Callout>

> Some APM agents capable of injecting the browser agent also supports adding a `nonce` attribute to the injected script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some APM agents capable of injecting the browser agent also support adding a `nonce` attribute to the injected script.
```
